we get to know the real talk and
we are on you just watch the
latest episode of wicked tuna
now it's time for wicked tuna
realtalk the weekly web show
were your favorite bluefin tuna
captains and well sometimes
you're not so favored captain's
as well or here in the hot seat
to give us their take on the
latest episode my name is mike
Salk i will be your host once
again joining us this week our
captain TJ on the Hot Tuna
captain Dave Carraro of fishing
vessel tuna.com and Tyler
McLaughlin the captain of the
pinwheel welcome to the show
guys on this new episode we saw
. com catch the biggest fish of
the season at least so far we
saw tjs younger brother mike
managed to avoid getting fired
from the Hot Tuna crew well
we'll delve into that he found
his place on the team thankfully
but let's start here this week
Dave you came back pretty hot
you just started you know scorn
fish so what is it where you
motivated that kind of lock you
in you had so much frustration
the week before
did you just feel released to go
out there and catch fish now I
thank him for me catching those
two fish just that little bit of
frustration just that there's
nothing more that I want to do
right now and then go out and
get official make a statement
and we did you don't strike me
as the guy was a problem
focusing I mean you're not like
Ed guy all over the place from
here to there I mean you're
pretty focused guy generally so
this is just what laser pinpoint
now I have a task and this is
what I'm gonna go after exactly
exactly he poked I've and then
we're ready to go
bring it bring it well time I
don't overlook the same for you
I meanwhile Dave kinda you know
was able to shore up his focus
you didn't have your best week I
mean you catch a fish but you
know what
how're you feeling in the
aftermath of what happened we
get under your skin
not really i'm just caught some
fish you know coming up to my
spot that I found you know yet
to come up there you never
caught a fish up there before
your boat and fishing main for
years and just hurt me you come
up to the bottom that I'm
fishing i gotta look out my
window and see you catch six
hundred pounder very dry victory
drive me nuts is about a
freshman of these two guys
Oh make sure you make the right
is a little pressure around
and dealing with a lot of this
tell me who's the baddest that's
good what he just said I I think
they're both great fisherman arm
they both finished up and down
the coast
they both are good in certain
areas you know some Davis better
in some spots and Tyler's better
than others so I mean Dave's got
one more experience i will give
him that but the same time
Tyler's prove himself so where
their strengths
where do you work where what
when I say bye cons in South
Jeffries and close to Gloucester
and some of those areas Dave you
know and Sondra they're
phenomenal exactly hard to be
but Tyler knows may need fish to
make quite a bit he's fish down
you know if the Carolinas and
stuff so he's a little more
well-rounded in that area see
things more location-based
supposed two different things
you guys are able to do yeah
well because certain areas you
fish it differently that you
would anywhere else if I told
you have you know if you
approach a spot 200 miles away
from where we fish with the same
methods we do in that area or
you're not gonna put together
you're gonna watch other guys go
off around you you like my nails
a lot more if I men coming up
next to the blackboard on
Stellwagen vs of making up next
time in maine exactly it up next
to the main I'm thinking I'm
LeBron James because you know
what you're doing there no I'm
doing what happens that tides
and currents and everybody
always like having what time of
the day then i think i have to
water rights when they come
through
you got an hour there's a lot of
tuna heroes in our industry that
think they're the best of the
best right and if you took them
out of their little niche where
they fish and putting over
they'd watch everyone they take
pictures and they wouldn't have
anything to write on facebook
how great they were actually
makes the three-month let me
start to phenomenon captain's a
go and catch fish that was
always my goals of fishermen to
be able to hang in there in
every spot and you know maybe
not be the best in one
particular area but say I can go
there and compete
Tyler for you where do you draw
the line what winter you in
someone's head and getting under
their skin in a positive way and
whether you annoying people in
the fleet how do you how do you
walk that one I don't know i
just kind of roll with the day
and see how much trouble I get
myself into on that day so it's
never ending for me I mean I
don't check and balance what I'm
doing I mean I'm like my own
boss out there on tuna boats i
mean i really don't
anyone to keep me and socially
on our seating and right is that
a good thing that I was his own
boss not cracked out left and he
said that I was like yeah well I
have a little time so you know
what's right what's wrong and
you kind of lose perspective
moved what's exactly appropriate
what's exactly allowed when
you're out there in the middle
of the ocean
nothing going on you kind of go
crazy i think it's funny there
are times when I feel like this
is like a therapy session for
Tyler's were sort of working out
his issues along the way in real
talk after we see a trend here
we hide our soul I mean we need
new doctors i have laid out on a
leather couch a bunch of that I
didn't help him
yeah yeah yeah you have no idea
how many times I tried to get
through it all do you think you
guys can be friends days and
your time and become friends I
totally respect him as a
fisherman i would like to
respect him as a person if I
could just see him grow up and
be a parallel to Sandro's
mentality
yes i think so want to look like
these two guys are on the same
boat but never ever works
couldn't happen just personality
conflict no man
Odd Couple extreme alright well
we're going to see our own
little odd couple drama play out
on the Hot Tuna teacher you get
your brother on there and he was
struggling I mean you guys have
that shark on the line and he
didn't look like he wasn't
exactly hop to it so how's it
been what were the early goings
like with my you know he came
out like a zombie way slower
than we expect him to arm and I
i think i was a little hard
automatons for sure I know
Michael knows what's going on
and I don't want to yell at him
because I try to keep the boat
comment if you get everyone kind
of nervous and on edge things
are gonna go wrong and and I
don't like to do that but at
times I had to raise my voice
just because I don't know what
the hell he was doing that and I
know better than throw the
anchor rope on the line yeah i
mean stuff like that you know
and those are rookie rookie
mistakes and you know yeah
there's so many things that
could go wrong throughout about
you know where you could
possibly lose a fish something
like that is unnecessary and
bush league would you really
fire your brother i probably
will i have my mother would be
to happen if i had to yeah i
mean i have my father would fire
me right
you know that's what they said
they're going to business with
families
this is a perfect example having
family to yours you know listen
that the other day it's it's
gonna work out but there's been
some major bumps in the road
come around all day we've seen
you fire god you know you fire
Paul and he's cold-blooded well
that i know i mean we don't need
to do the show to color is
uploaded but what does that I
mean you and Paul were closed
you together for a long long
time how was that moment when
you finally say I gotta make a
decision and I gotta do it I
mean it's it wasn't me it's an
easier decision for me to make
that is for him you know he's
got family Paul is somewhat
family we're close friends but
you know it's it's it's a
business move you know if you're
not playing well you know it's
my decisions time to move on i
got applying someone that's
gonna bring harmony to the
tuna.com and Paul was basically
put it putting us in a negative
direction something that had to
be done fortunately well Mike
ended up redeeming himself and
that sort of yeah great part of
this episode today is that maybe
you can run so that did you know
that he I mean obviously you
know that he's got that in yeah
I mean listen I gotta give him
credit I wouldn't want to be
down that engine room for three
hours manning the hydraulic
system wall it was really hot
that day was like 85 degrees up
the engine room is you know the
engine 270 degrees so he
definitely earned his keep and I
get a lot of credit you know
hehe definitely helps with that
fish how to might feel after
that I mean it seems like he's
pretty down I mean he looked a
little worrisome yeah he's a big
baby
yeah i was firing jay-z yeah
he's a big bear you know he's
still he comes across as mean
and nasty but he's a nice guy
but after how do you filming was
he did he did he i think is it
already intention yeah i bought
a shot i was proud of him you
know that fish was a real hair
puller and I mean it i think we
were honored for
three-and-a-half hours and then
I ended up fighting it for quite
a while
Charlie care to do much anymore
you know Michael was a major
part of that catch
I'm proud of him gallery also
get to see kind of flipping out
in this episode and towards the
end you Dave catches a fish and
it really got under your skin
and is this just the leftover
from the confrontation at the
docks is are you having trouble
controlling your emotions and
stay and even out there what
happened it was tough for me
because I'm up here on a spot
all alone
no other boats and I started to
see boat set I'm competing
against showing up
I'm not too happy when I see
them catch a fish on the spot i
found he's already ticked me off
good
yeah he's starting to get under
my skin a little bit but I'm
still focused I know what I
gotta do something to catch tuna
spicy Dave smiling Susan through
the harpoon hit that fish one
thing popped in my mind that
nice orange poly ball
oh I will tell you what though
you know what I it definitely
seems that i'm your biggest
competition is no doubt that
there's no doubt about and
that's the funny part is why
you're so worried about thailand
you guys it's a word about you
each other
TJ ends up kind of storming into
the lead did you lose track of
what was going on around you
that's right you know he's only
that's alright as long as I'm
catching up to him that's really
yeah so you will write out right
now that's how serious you're
taking this rivalry is that you
will not only wanted I see black
when I hope that all season
yeah this seems perfect for you
yeah it's great man i was
totally out of the loop of baby
stuff you know they go out and
I'm not gonna mention what's
more important to you this year
Tyler's it is it winning or as a
beating Dave it's taken back the
title is it i think i'm the best
fisherman amongst these captains
and I want to catch the most
fish that's what it's about you
know I don't want any of the box
right I think we all think the
same way I mean we all want to
catch the most fish we all want
to win
I mean catch the most fish you
win you're gonna make the most
money most likely yeah I want to
catch a few for sure but if one
of these guys guess what next
thing I'm not gonna punch my
home chair and not be mad at my
home state did nothing wrong to
me
alright hey guys it's good to
have you in once again for
wicked tuna
Real Talk a big thank you to all
three of these guys captain tjr
captain Dave Carraro sit in the
middle
captain Tyler McLaughlin thanks
for stopping by and sharing all
of your thoughts we could do the
real talk is gonna be back again
next week right after the new
episode of wicked tuna on
national geographic channel
sunday at nine o'clock so
bookmark this page right now
natgeo tv.com / real talk and
come join us to get a daily we
can update like us on facebook
or follow us on Twitter TJ's
gonna be back again next week
we'll also have captain Dave
Marciano the hard merchandise
and Captain Paul Ebert of the
kelly and why
them is going to be facing one
of the most stressful weeks of
their fishing career will be
asking them all about it on the
next show will see you next time
on wicked tuna
real talk
ok
yeah